README.md, before:

# ZX Basic Studio
ZX Basic Studio is a project created and led by **El Dr. Gusman**, and is available at https://github.com/gusmanb/ZXBasicStudio.

# Beta 1.0 released!
We are ahppy to announce the [first beta release of ZX Basic Studio](https://github.com/gusmanb/ZXBasicStudio/releases/tag/v1.0-beta.1). This is a work in progress but the development has reached a state in which we feel comfortable to release it to be tested by users.
Expect bugs as this is a development build.

Documentation will come in the near future, but for now you can refer to the [series of videos about ZX Basic](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z0pqYjZBOb0&list=PL4n2c1PEER_qiuLUrLLpftGiW8IPB4IZd) by [Briefer666](https://www.youtube.com/@briefer666)

Have fun!

## Credits
- Development team:
  - El Dr. Gusman
  - Duefectu
  - AdolFITO 
  - HashIron
  - SirRickster
- Icons from [SVG REPO](https://www.svgrepo.com/):
  - <a href="https://github.com/blivesta/flexicon?ref=svgrepo.com" target="_blank">Blivesta</a> in MIT License
  - <a href="https://github.com/KDE/krita?ref=svgrepo.com" target="_blank">Kde</a> in GPL License
  - <a href="https://www.zondicons.com/?ref=svgrepo.com" target="_blank">Steve Schoger</a> in PD License
  - <a href="https://www.figma.com/@thewolfkit?ref=svgrepo.com" target="_blank">Thewolfkit</a> in CC Attribution License
  - <a href="https://www.wishforge.games/?ref=svgrepo.com" target="_blank">Wishforge.games</a> in CC Attribution License
  - <a href="https://github.com/32pixelsCo/zest-icons/blob/master/packages/zest-free/LICENSE.md?ref=svgrepo.com" target="_blank">Zest</a> in MIT License
  - <a href="https://dribbble.com/Mohamed_Raouf?ref=svgrepo.com" target="_blank">Mohamed Raouf</a> in CC Attribution License

Commit message:

There are no instructions on how to install this on an intel Mac #53

README.md, after:

# ZX Basic Studio
ZX Basic Studio is a project created and led by **El Dr. Gusman**, and is available at https://github.com/gusmanb/ZXBasicStudio.

# Beta 1.0 released!
We are ahppy to announce the [first beta release of ZX Basic Studio](https://github.com/gusmanb/ZXBasicStudio/releases/tag/v1.0-beta.1). This is a work in progress but the development has reached a state in which we feel comfortable to release it to be tested by users.
Expect bugs as this is a development build.

Documentation will come in the near future, but for now you can refer to the [series of videos about ZX Basic](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z0pqYjZBOb0&list=PL4n2c1PEER_qiuLUrLLpftGiW8IPB4IZd) by [Briefer666](https://www.youtube.com/@briefer666)

Have fun!

## MacOS Install instructions
Install the following:
- [Rider](https://www.jetbrains.com/rider/)
- Mono (You can install this from within Rider)
- [.NET 7.0](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/download/dotnet/7.0)

1. Then clone this repo and open the solution up in Rider.
2. Select *Edit* in the *Run Configuration Menu* for `ZXBasicStudio` solution.
3. select *Runtime* & add the dotnet 7.0.0 path (it's probably installed to - `/usr/local/share/dotnet/dotnet`)
4. Now you can click *Run*.

From here you can create a build / executable to run on your Mac.

## Credits
- Development team:
  - El Dr. Gusman
  - Duefectu
  - AdolFITO 
  - HashIron
  - SirRickster
- Icons from [SVG REPO](https://www.svgrepo.com/):
  - <a href="https://github.com/blivesta/flexicon?ref=svgrepo.com" target="_blank">Blivesta</a> in MIT License
  - <a href="https://github.com/KDE/krita?ref=svgrepo.com" target="_blank">Kde</a> in GPL License
  - <a href="https://www.zondicons.com/?ref=svgrepo.com" target="_blank">Steve Schoger</a> in PD License
  - <a href="https://www.figma.com/@thewolfkit?ref=svgrepo.com" target="_blank">Thewolfkit</a> in CC Attribution License
  - <a href="https://www.wishforge.games/?ref=svgrepo.com" target="_blank">Wishforge.games</a> in CC Attribution License
  - <a href="https://github.com/32pixelsCo/zest-icons/blob/master/packages/zest-free/LICENSE.md?ref=svgrepo.com" target="_blank">Zest</a> in MIT License
  - <a href="https://dribbble.com/Mohamed_Raouf?ref=svgrepo.com" target="_blank">Mohamed Raouf</a> in CC Attribution License
